---
title: "Quotes"
tags: Quotes
---

>Without data, you're just another person with an opinion.
>
>W. Edwards Deming, American statistician

---

>Ignorance more frequently begets confidence than does knowledge
>
>Charles Darwin 1809-1882

---

>The most difﬁcult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity. The fears are paper tigers. You can do anything you decide to do. You can act to change and control your life; and the procedure, the process is its own reward.  
>  
>Amelia Earhart 1897-1937  

---

>Never attribute to mailice that which is adequately explained by stupidity.  
>  
>Hanlon's ravor  

---

>All the suffering in the world comes from seeking pleasure for oneself.  
>All the happiness in the world comes from seeking pleasure for others.  
>  
>Shantideva 685-763  

---

>Why should I fear death?  
>If I am, then death is not.  
>If Death is, then I am not.  
>Why should I fear that which can only exist when I do not?  
  

>Is God willing to prevent evil, but not able? Then he is not omnipotent.  
>Is he able, but not willing? Then he is malevolent.  
>Is he both able and willing? Then whence cometh evil?  
>Is he neither able nor willing? Then why call him God?”  
>
>Epicurus 341-270 BCE  

---

>The only people for me are the mad ones, the ones who are mad to live, mad to talk, mad to be saved, desirous of everything at the same time, the ones who never yawn or say a commonplace thing, but burn, burn, burn like fabulous yellow roman candles exploding like spiders across the stars and in the middle you see the blue centerlight pop and everybody goes “Awww!”  
>  
>Jack Kerouac, On the Road  1922-1969  

---

>The youth have been going to hell for the last 2,000 years.  
>  
>Charles H. Carpenter Sr.  

---

>In the beginner's mind there are many possibilities,  
>but in the experts there are few.  
>  
>Shunyru Suzuki 1904-1971  

---

>In a country well goverened poverty is something to be ashamed of,  
>In a country poorly goverened wealth is something to ashamed of.  
>  
>Confucius 551-479 BCE  

---

>He who is not busy being born is busy dying  
>  
>Bob Dylan 1941-  

---

>From each according to his ability,   
>to each according to his needs  
>  
>Karl Marx 1818-1883  

---

>In my perspective ... science and computer science is a liberal art, it's something everyone should know how to use, at least, and harness in their life. It's not something that should be relegated to 5 percent of the population over in the corner. It's something that everybody should be exposed to and everyone should have mastery of to some extent.   
>  
>Steve Jobs (Fresh Air 1996 Interview)  

---

>Debugging is twice as hard as writing the code in the first place. Therefore, if you write the code as cleverly as possible, you are, by definition, not smart enough to debug it 
>
>Brian W. Kernighan

---

>Some people, when confronted with a problem, think - I know, I will use regular expressions. Now they have two problems 
>
>Jamie Zawinski

---

>A language that does not affect the way you think about programming, is not worth knowing 
>
>Alan Perlis

---

>There are 2 hard problems in computer science: cache invalidation, naming things, and off-by-1 errors 
>
>Leon Bambrick


---

>The Law of Serendipity: Lady Luck favors the one who tries (or: who is prepared)
>
>Anon

---

## Fear and Love

>There are two basic motivating forces: fear and love. When we are afraid, we pull back from life. When we are in love, we open to all that life has to offer with passion, excitement, and acceptance. We need to learn to love ourselves first, in all our glory and our imperfections. If we cannot love ourselves, we cannot fully open to our ability to love others or our potential to create. Evolution and all hopes for a better world rest in the fearlessness and open-hearted vision of people who embrace life.
>
>John Lennon 

---

## Fear 

>We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light.
>
>Plato

---

>It's the questions we can't answer that teach us the most. They teach us how to think. If you give a man an answer, all he gains is a little fact. But give him a question and he'll look for his own answers.
>
>Patrick Rothfuss, The Wise Man's Fear 

---

>Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less.
>
>Marie Curie 

---





