---
layout: post
title:  "Day 7: Quotes"
date:   2022-02-11 21:45:31 -0500
categories: Quotes
---

- I find it fun to add an interesting and relevant quote to the top of articles I write.
- These are a few I have saved.

---

>The most difﬁcult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity. The fears are paper tigers. You can do anything you decide to do. You can act to change and control your life; and the procedure, the process is its own reward.
>
>Amelia Earhart 1897-1937

---

>Never attribute to mailice that which is adequately explained by stupidity.
>
>Hanlon's Razor

---

>That which can be asserted without evidence can be dismissed without evidence.
>The burden of proof is on the claimant.
>If the claimant makes a claim it is up to that person to prove it.
>
>Christopher Hitchens, 1949-2011

---

>The youth have been going to hell for the last 2,000 years.
>
>Charles H. Carpenter Jr. 1916-2001

---

>In a country well goverened poverty is something to be ashamed of,
>In a country poorly goverened wealth is something to ashamed of.
>
>Confucius 551-479 BCE

---

>He who is not busy being born is busy dying
>
>Bob Dylan 1941-

---

>If god is willing to prevent evil but not able,
>  then he is not omnipotent. 
>If he is able but not willing,
>  then he is malevolent. 
>Is god both able and willing,
>  then whence cometh evil? 
>Is he is neither able nor willing,
>  then why call him god?
>
>Epicurus, 341-271 BCE


---

>The only people for me are the mad ones, the ones who are mad to live, mad to talk, mad to be saved, desirous of everything at the same time, the ones who never yawn or say a commonplace thing, but burn, burn, burn like fabulous yellow roman candles exploding like spiders across the stars and in the middle you see the blue centerlight pop and everybody goes “Awww!”
>
>Jack Kerouac, 1922-1969

---

>From each according to his ability,
>to each according to his needs
>
>Karl Marx 1818-1883

---

>All the suffering in the world comes from seeking pleasure for oneself.
>All the happiness in the world comes from seeking pleasure for others.
>
>Shantideva, 685-763

---

>In the beginner's mind there are many possibilities, 
>but in the experts there are few.
>
>Shunyru Suzuki 1904-1971
