---
layout: post
title: "Job Search Tips 101"
date: 2021-04-26 12:00:00 -0400
categories: job tips
---

Here are a few tips for the [CodeNewbie](https://community.codenewbie.org/mccurcio/job-search-tips-101-1o7p) group that I love to follow.

1. **Find organizations** that interest you.
2. **Research organization**.
    - Use: Google, Linkedin, Twitter,
    - Learn about its competitors,
    - Note recent important news (*Good or bad*),
    - Prepare company spreadsheet for info (*Basic or detailed, up to you*).
3. **Study Job Description**.
    - What do you have? 
    - What don't you have? (*Less Important*)
4. **Write out answers for common interview questions**.
    - Tell me a little about yourself.
    - What are your biggest strengths & weaknesses?
    - Where do you see yourself (*In x years, up to you*)?
    - Describe your dream job.
    - Why did you leave your last position or What have you done during your employment gap?
    - Why do you want this job?
    - What type of work environment do you prefer?
    - How would your co-workers or managers describe you?
    - Why are you the best candidate for this role?
    - What achievement(s) are you most proud of?
    - Tell me about a challenge you’ve faced at work and how you dealt with it?
5. **Practice your answers out loud**.
    - Adjust your wording if it feels awkward.
7. **STAR**: Situation, Task, Action, & Result.
    - Explain **Situation**; set the 'stage,'
    - **Task**; discuss goal or task set out for you
    - **Action**; Explain the specific actions you took to handle the situation or overcome the challenge.
    - **Result**; describe the outcome you reached through your actions
    -  **Finally**; tie it back to their position with your final sentence.
